doc: thingy91: remove updating_fw_programmer.rst (#24219)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Developing with Thingy:91
=========================

* Removed the page about updating the Thingy:91 firmware using the Programmer app.
  Its contents are now available in the app documentation on the `Programming Nordic Thingy prototyping platforms`_ page.
* Updated the title of the page about updating the Thingy:91 firmware using the Cellular Monitor app to :ref:`thingy91_update_firmware`.

>   This page now includes the :ref:`thingy91_partition_layout` section, moved from the removed page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This page now includes the :ref:`thingy91_partition_layout` section, moved from the updating the Thingy:91 firmware using the Programmer app page.
```
Could move the updated bullet point above to follow the release notes format.
